GURU NANAK DEV ENGINEERING COLLEGE, LUDHIANA
An Autonomous College Under UGC Act - 1956 [2(f) and 12(B)]
Affiliated to I.K.G. Punjab Technical University



All (HODs)

The evaluated Answer Booklets of Makeup Examinations of May-2019 exam. session for B.Tech. and M.Tech. (2nd Semester) will be displayed to the concerned candidates as notified below.

The last date to apply for re-evaluation is 09-09-2019 by 3:00pm. 

The sheets must be returned to the Examination branch in coordination with Dr. Amit Kamra

The schedule for distribution of answer sheets (UG & PG) to various depts. is as under: -
Name of Department	Date of Issue 	Date of Display	Date of Return	Timing for issue	Time of Display	Venue	Name of Exam Coordinator
App. Sci.	09-09-2019	
09-09-2019	
09-09-2019	
11:30am	12:00pm to 1:00pm	T&P Seminar Hall	Dr. Rupinderjit Kaur (Physics Group)
Mr. Karan Bhalla (Chemistry Group)
M.Tech.	09-09-2019	
09-09-2019	
09-09-2019	
10:30am	11:00am to 11:30pm	T&P Seminar Hall	Er. Prashant Garg(CE)
Dr. Baljeet Kaur (ECE)



During this display process of Answer Booklets if a candidate finds any discrepancy in evaluation of any question of his/her Answer Booklet/s then he /she will bring it to the notice of Exam Coordinator. Further if he/she wants to re-evaluate the same, then he/she has to fill a ‘Discrepancy Redress Form’ (DRF) available in the examination branch. This DRF (copy attached) has to be filled (if candidate wants) for each Answer Booklet separately and also pay a Discrepancy Redress Fee of Rs.500/- (Five hundred only) for each Answer Booklet to examination branch through exam coordinator or Head of Department. DRF is to be filled for Redressal cases including Totaling and Unchecked but no fees will be charged for these two issues.  The answer sheets of the candidates who will apply for re-evaluation has to be submitted to the Examination Branch subject wise in separate packets with a summary of answer sheets. The re-evaluation will be done in the Examination Branch after concealing the marks awarded by the First Evaluator. 


Department exam coordinator shall collect the evaluated answer booklet of all the subjects of the candidates of the concerned department from Dr. Amit Kamra on above said date and time.

Note: All the cases of mistakes like totaling, transfer of marks, unchecked question (if any) will be handled by examination branch only. Details of all such cases must be compiled by department Exam Coordinator. No alteration should be done at Department level (totaling, transfer of marks, unchecked question).

The schedule for display of answer sheets must be available on respective department website links/DNB.








Various types of discrepancies/Issues as tabulated below will be handled in the examination branch.

Sr. No.	Discrepancy Issues  	Responsibility 
1.	Totaling (Like transfer of marks)	Concerned-Evaluator, Checking Assistant and Head Examiner 
2.	Unchecked Questions 	Concerned-Evaluator, Checking Assistant and Head Examiner
3.	Re-evaluation 	Re-evaluator, Checking Assistant and Head Examiner


Controller of Examinations


 
